we're studying air pollution in the
urban environment everybody's breathing
in air every day so this is a critical
question for everyone to be involved in
the work we do here at this lab is
essentially looking at the external
environment so looking at the geometry
of the buildings in the city and how the
wind flow moves pollution around these
complex geometries the magic project
specifically is looking at a borough in
the south bank in our wind tunnel model
we're modeling a specific building that
we have instrumented and we'll be
comparing the measurements in the field
with what we simulate here in the lab so
the particular experiments were
performing are involving measuring
velocity with laser techniques so we use
a technique where we cross two laser
beams and measure the velocity at that
crossing point and we move that crossing
point through the neighborhood of
interest as well we're doing experiments
in the wind tunnel where we release
propane from a point source and then we
sniff it downstream with the sampling
tube at various points to determine the
concentration and pollution that has
traveled downstream at various locations
in our neighborhood right so I think
we've talked enough I'm actually staying
in front of the wind tunnel where I do
experiments why don't we take a look
inside
[Applause]
so inside the wind tunnel here we have a
set with those five tall spires us to
produce the right wing conditions that
are approaching our model and you can
see all the little short strips here of
the roughness elements so that's to
sustain the gust enos of the wind as it
approaches so that we have the right
approaching wing conditions our
experiments are focused on this
particular region of London so this
roundabout intersection and our study
building is right here so we have the
busy London Road side so our office
tower office room is here and our
courtyard is on the other side we've
record some of our visualization results
that we had a camera mounted looking
down on the model and essentially we're
releasing smoke up here and we're
looking at how the smoke travels
downwind to the Clarence Center site so
we've enhanced the visualization by
turning out the lights and we have a
horizontal laser light sheet which
allows us to visualize the vortices
coming off of this tall building and the
other buildings upstream of the third
site so this interaction of the
upper-level winds and the street-level
winds that the pedestrians are exposed
to is a big question that we're trying
answer here with this work